README.md, before:

# Gadis
_A GArry's mod Discord Integration System_

## FAQ
#### Q: What about feature _____?
A: If I don't have it implemented, feel free to fork it, DIY, and submit a PR or create a ticket on _this_ repo. Tickets on the sub-repositories _will be **ignored**_.

#### Q: Why Garry's Mod and not any source engine game?
A: It could be adapted for any source engine game, since it uses RCON for the ranks, but Gadis was made specifically for a GMod server called Build, Kill, Chill. I have no intention of making it available to any other game my self, so if you want it to work for other games feel free to fork it. If you make it where it is compatible with multiple games, feel free to submit a PR.

## Requirements
_Links to downloads are pending_

The whole project depends on MySQL database that all services can connect to.

#### Garry's Mod Server
1. MySQLOO
2. ULib/ULX

#### Discord Bot Server
1. Python 3.5+
2. Discord.py
3. Python-Valve
4. steam (ValvePython)
5. MySQL-Python (mysqlclient for Python3)

## Installation
_Instructions are pending_

Commit message:

Added an optional requirement to README
Since as an install the files get compiled, settings can't be read by external python scripts, gadis-remote being one such script. it needs to temporarily decompile and read the settings to find the remote port to connect to (default host is localhost, this can be changed before compile time on gadis-remote.py). It can however be optional by simply modifying gadis-remote,py before compile time. (Line 13 as of this commit)

README.md, after:

# Gadis
_A GArry's mod Discord Integration System_

## FAQ
#### Q: What about feature _____?
A: If I don't have it implemented, feel free to fork it, DIY, and submit a PR or create a ticket on _this_ repo. Tickets on the sub-repositories _will be **ignored**_.

#### Q: Why Garry's Mod and not any source engine game?
A: It could be adapted for any source engine game, since it uses RCON for the ranks, but Gadis was made specifically for a GMod server called Build, Kill, Chill. I have no intention of making it available to any other game my self, so if you want it to work for other games feel free to fork it. If you make it where it is compatible with multiple games, feel free to submit a PR.

## Requirements
_Links to downloads are pending_

The whole project depends on MySQL database that all services can connect to.

#### Garry's Mod Server
1. MySQLOO
2. ULib/ULX

#### Discord Bot Server
1. Python 3.5+
2. Discord.py
3. Python-Valve
4. steam (ValvePython)
5. MySQL-Python (mysqlclient for Python3)
6. Uncompyle6 (Optional for gadis-remote to read port in settings, can be changed manually)

## Installation
_Instructions are pending_
